.TH envoy-exec "1" "July 27" "envoy" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
envoy-exec \- application wrapping tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBenvoy-exec\fP command
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBenvoy-exec\fP connects to the daemon, gets all the information
associated with the current running agent, updates it with fresh
environmental information and then invokes the provided command. This
ensures that the command runs as seamlessly as possible with the agent
without having to worry about the system's or shell's environment.
.SS Symlinking Against envoy-exec
It is also possible to symlink \fBenvoy-exec\fP to another name to
provide a terser wrapper for that command.
.IP
.nf
export PATH="$HOME/bin:$PATH"
ln -s /usr/bin/envoy-exec ~/bin/ssh
.fi
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.IP "\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR"
Display help message.
.IP "\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR"
Display version information.
.IP "\fB\-t\fR \fR\fIAGENT\fR\fR, \fB\-\-agent\fR\fB=\fR\fIAGENT\fR"
Set the agent type to fetch. If this isn't set, its up to \fBenvoyd\fR
to decide which agent is launched. \fIssh-agent\fR and \fIgpg-agent\fR
are supported agents (see \fBenvoy\fR(1)).
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.PP
.IP \fBENVOY_SOCKET\fR
Both \fBenvoyd\fP and \fBenvoy\fP use this environment variable for the
location of the unix domain socket for communication. Prefixing the
socket with a @ denotes an abstract namespace. The default socket is
\fI@/vodik/envoy\fR
.PP
.SH AUTHORS
.nf
Simon Gomizelj <simongmzlj@gmail.com>
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBenvoyd\fR(1),
\fBenvoy\fR(1),
\fBssh-agent\fR(1),
\fBssh-add\fR(1),
\fBgpg-agent\fR(1)
