.TH envoyd "1" "January 13" "envoyd" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
envoyd \- process manager for envoy
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBenvoyd\fP [options] [files]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBenvoyd\fP starts the agent of choice in a sanitized environment and
caches the associated environmental variables in memory. The agent is
started on demand and it's lifetime is tracked through cgroups for
accuracy.

This daemon is typically started as root and can thus serve all the
users on the system at once. When started as root, it will checks the
credentials of the incoming connection and starts the agent under that
uid/guid. If its started as a user it will only be able to serve that
particular user's requests.

This effectively allows a user to share a single long-running
authentication agent between all shells and sessions in a clean and
managed fashion that doesn't clutter user login sessions.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.IP "\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR"
Display help message.
.IP "\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR"
Display version information.
.IP "\fB\-t\fR \fR\fIAGENT\fR\fR, \fB\-\-agent\fR\fB=\fR\fIAGENT\fR
Set the default agent type to start. By default this is ssh-agent.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.PP
.IP \fBENVOY_SOCKET\fR
Both \fBenvoyd\fP and \fBenvoy\fP use this environment variable for the
location of the unix domain socket for communication. Prefixing the
socket with a @ denotes an abstract namespace. The default socket is
\fI@/vodik/envoy\fR
.SH AUTHORS
.nf
Simon Gomizelj <simongmzlj@gmail.com>
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBenvoy\fR(1),
\fBssh-agent\fR(1),
\fBssh-add\fR(1),
\fBgpg-agent\fR(1)
